Let's open up our ConferenceSecurityConfig.
And at the top of this class, let's auto‑wire in another variable.
So we'll say @Autowired,
and we'll make it private ConferenceUserDetailsContextMapper.
And for the instance name,
I'm going to call it ctxMapper just so we don't have a
crazy long instance name. We'll copy that.
Now we need to go down to our configure method where we configured our
LDAP authentication, and after that userPassword and before that
semicolon, we want to keep that semicolon on the end,
we're going to add another .and statement.
And from there we want to say .userDetailsContextMapper and paste
in that context mapper that we just created.
That's all we had to do to inject that bean inside of this class and
then configure it and use it on our LDAP authentication to go ahead
and authenticate against LDAP but authorize and pull those other user
details back from our database.
Now we can go ahead and start up our server,
and once it fires up and it'll pull up our browser, we can
run our application, and it will pull back that user from
both LDAP and the database.
Once our app pulls up, we can click on Add Registration,
type in bryan and pass and log in, and it's still authenticating us exactly
how we would expect it to. In the next module, we're going to customize
these pages so we can now utilize those extra columns that we've added into
our database and pull back out our nickname or other things that you maybe
added in there as well. And you'll get to see this visually take hold inside of our UI.